Files:

* woas-fix.html - latest single-file woas generated from the code in ./fix
* woas-fix-min.html - as above, but with code minimized using jsmin tool

The php files are used to build the single-file woas and use information
from svn if available. They are taken and/or modified from the 
'trunk/tools' directory. 'mkfix.php' is set-up to simply create the
woas-fix[-min].html files; it takes no arguments.

(I have removed the sffu.php file as it is only useful to me currently
and belongs in a wip (work-in-progress) branch -- the version I had
here previously was broken. The files in this directory and in the non-
wip directories are intended to be working and stable.)

Directories:

* fix/ - latest code for testing and use
* fix-wip/ - work-in-progress; may not be usable ... my current commit
* enhance/ - latest code for testing and use
* enhance-wip/ - work-in-progress; may not be usable ... my current commit 

Only the fix* directories exist currently. The difference between fix and
enhance versions is that I expect most of the changes in fix to be used
by the woas project, whereas work in enhance may or may not be. Enhance
is nevertheless basically compatible with the fix version; it will not
contain changes that break the basic design of WoaS, though changes in
the way it handles syntax, etc., may cause some content to look or
behave differently. 

The -wip directories are present only for the benefit of those who may 
want/need to see my current work. I have to do a lot of work off-line 
and usually use git for version control, so this is likely only up to 
date if I am working with someone or have just made a back-up of my 
local work.

Notes:

See the file log.txt in the directories for information on changes.
	
I am using this repository to maintain fixes I have made to WoaS 0.12.0 
and also any enhancements/changes I have made to how WoaS works. The 
fixes are in the subdirectory "fix" and enhancements are in "enhance". 
The changes in "fix" will likely be absorbed into the official trunk 
code, the changes in "enhance" will likely not become official as they 
probably change some basic aspect of WoaS operation. This could be a
change in how parsing works or some backwards-incompatible change. 

Right now I am working on fixing some important, basic bugs in WoaS 
operation. I do not have time or inclination to fix all the current 
bugs, but I am fixing the ones that affect normal operation the most and 
can be fixed without major changes to WoaS' current design (thus, some
of my fixes are hacks to fix a problem in the simplest way). 

My current plan is to then finish work on defining what I would like to 
see in a tool of this sort and start work on building it. This new tool 
fits in with a greater mission I am working on and will soon be 
launching. I am likely to pursue this further work in a separate project 
as my needs are perhaps not quite aligned with those of WoaS. I have 
struggled with this for a while as I like WoaS and haven't wanted to 
fork the project. My new project will reuse as much code as possible 
from WoaS, but will have a different basic design and probably not use 
the wsif format natively. It is my hope that these two projects might 
someday reunite, as much of their basic purpose will be te same. 

I will also make updated single-file versions of these branches 
available in this directory. The file will be the latest, tested 
version, and will overwrite the previous one; if you need a specific 
version you can retrieve it from SVN. I will also tag the main code if 
it seems necessary. 

I hope this work will be of use. Due to limited time available I will 
not be able to provide support on this, but let me know if there are 
issues (especially specific to my versions) and I will do my best to fix 
them.